the lepro tb1 is what happens when you
fuse lighting with artificial
intelligence so at its very base level
you pull open the app you tell it what
you want I would like to read and then
this becomes a reading light at the
perfect color temperature for reading a
book actually screw this I want my phone
back I want to have a Halloween themed
party wow those are all three colors I
would associate with Halloween and then
the app also gives you a whole load of
alternative options Merry Christmas that
is so cool plus bear in mind that each
of these three rings move independently
so you can make it look exactly how you
want it to and that this thing is
trained in human psychology so you can
even say things like I'm so happy and it
can actually use the best understandings
of the effects of lighting on mood to
emphasize that emotion it can do planet
simulations for example this is Jupiter
but I think the most impressive part of
this is that the Leo AI lighting is far
Smarter with sying to music if you've
ever used smart lights before you'll
know this is usually by far their
weakest feature because all they do is
rely on their microphone to reflect the
intensity of the music but the lepero
actually uses their light Beats
technology to understand human hearing
and create a way more Dynamic effect